README.md, before:

# WoBike

Documentation of Bike Sharing APIs

Public transport and multimodal routing apps could benefit from showing nearby bikes from bikesharing services. So here's a list showing the APIs of a few of these platforms.

## Bikes
### Active
- [Nextbike (Worldwide)](Nextbike.md)
- [Call-a-Bike (Germany / Deutsche Bahn)](Call-a-Bike.md)
- [Mobike](Mobike.md)
- [Yobike/Ohbike/Indigoweel](Yobike.md)
- [Gobee bike (Hong Kong, Italy)](Gobee.md)
- [Motivate (US; Ford GoBike (Bay Area, CA), Biketown (Portland, OR), Capital Bikeshare (Washington, DC), Bike Chattanooga (Chattanooga, TN), Citi Bike (New York), CoGo (Columbus, OH), Divvy (Chicago, IL), Hubway (Boston, MA))](Motivate.md)
- [BYKE/WIND (Germany)](Wind.md)
- [Dropbike (Canada)](Dropbike.md)
- [SocialBicycles (USA, Canada, Czech Republic, Poland)](SocialBicycles.md)
- [Bixi (Montreal)](Bixi.md)
- [EUBIKE (Sweden)](EUBike.md)
- [Lidl-Bike](Lidl-Bike.md)
- [Donkey Republic](Donkey.md)

### Dead (e.g., bankrupt)
- [oBike (Worldwide)](Obike.md)
- [ofo bike (China, UK, US, Austria, Thailand, Singapore, France, India)](Ofo.md)
- [Bluegogo (China, US)](Bluegogo.md)
- [OnzO (New Zealand)](Onzo.md)

## E-Scooters (that you stand on)
- [Bird](Bird.md)
- [VOI (Europe)](Voi.md)
- [Circ](Circ.md)
- [Helbiz](Helbiz.md)
- [Hive (Europe)](Hive.md)
- [TIER (Europe, UAE)](Tier.md)
- [Ufo (Europe)](Ufo.md)
- [Zero (Germany)](Zero.md)
- [Scoota (Austria)](Scoota.md)

## Bikes/E-Scooters
- [LimeBike](Lime.md)
- [JUMP (USA)](Jump.md)
- [Spin](Spin.md)
- [Zagster](Zagster.md)

## Scooters (🛵, that you sit on)
- [Emmy (Germany)](Emmy.md)
- [Coup (Germany, Spain, France)](Coup.md)

## More...
* Also have a look at [this project](https://github.com/eskerda/pybikes/tree/master/pybikes)
* [GBFS (General Bikeshare Feed Specification)](https://github.com/NABSA/gbfs)
* [Bikesharing World Map](https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/viewer?mid=1UxYw9YrwT_R3SGsktJU3D-2GpMU&ll=50.01042750703113%2C35.03132237929685&z=2)
* [Open Bike Share Data](https://bikeshare-research.org/)

## Todo
* [Pony Bikes](http://getapony.com/) (uses certificate pinning)

Commit message:

added Beam and Flamingo to README

README.md, after:

# WoBike

Documentation of Bike Sharing APIs

Public transport and multimodal routing apps could benefit from showing nearby bikes from bikesharing services. So here's a list showing the APIs of a few of these platforms.

## Bikes
### Active
- [Nextbike (Worldwide)](Nextbike.md)
- [Call-a-Bike (Germany / Deutsche Bahn)](Call-a-Bike.md)
- [Mobike](Mobike.md)
- [Yobike/Ohbike/Indigoweel](Yobike.md)
- [Gobee bike (Hong Kong, Italy)](Gobee.md)
- [Motivate (US; Ford GoBike (Bay Area, CA), Biketown (Portland, OR), Capital Bikeshare (Washington, DC), Bike Chattanooga (Chattanooga, TN), Citi Bike (New York), CoGo (Columbus, OH), Divvy (Chicago, IL), Hubway (Boston, MA))](Motivate.md)
- [BYKE/WIND (Germany)](Wind.md)
- [Dropbike (Canada)](Dropbike.md)
- [SocialBicycles (USA, Canada, Czech Republic, Poland)](SocialBicycles.md)
- [Bixi (Montreal)](Bixi.md)
- [EUBIKE (Sweden)](EUBike.md)
- [Lidl-Bike](Lidl-Bike.md)
- [Donkey Republic](Donkey.md)

### Dead (e.g., bankrupt)
- [oBike (Worldwide)](Obike.md)
- [ofo bike (China, UK, US, Austria, Thailand, Singapore, France, India)](Ofo.md)
- [Bluegogo (China, US)](Bluegogo.md)
- [OnzO (New Zealand)](Onzo.md)

## E-Scooters (🛴, that you stand on)
- [Bird](Bird.md)
- [VOI (Europe)](Voi.md)
- [Circ](Circ.md)
- [Helbiz](Helbiz.md)
- [Hive (Europe)](Hive.md)
- [TIER (Europe, UAE)](Tier.md)
- [Ufo (Europe)](Ufo.md)
- [Zero (Germany)](Zero.md)
- [Scoota (Austria)](Scoota.md)
- [Beam (Singapore, Australia, Maylasia and New Zealand)](Beam.md)
- [Flamingo (New Zealand)](Flamingo.md)

## Bikes/E-Scooters
- [LimeBike](Lime.md)
- [JUMP (USA)](Jump.md)
- [Spin](Spin.md)
- [Zagster](Zagster.md)

## Scooters (🛵, that you sit on)
- [Emmy (Germany)](Emmy.md)
- [Coup (Germany, Spain, France)](Coup.md)

## More...
* Also have a look at [this project](https://github.com/eskerda/pybikes/tree/master/pybikes)
* [GBFS (General Bikeshare Feed Specification)](https://github.com/NABSA/gbfs)
* [Bikesharing World Map](https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/viewer?mid=1UxYw9YrwT_R3SGsktJU3D-2GpMU&ll=50.01042750703113%2C35.03132237929685&z=2)
* [Open Bike Share Data](https://bikeshare-research.org/)

## Todo
* [Pony Bikes](http://getapony.com/) (uses certificate pinning)
